account_ecotax/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst, before:

This module applies to companies based in France mainland. It doesn't apply to
companies based in the DOM-TOMs (Guadeloupe, Martinique, Guyane, Réunion,
Mayotte).

It add Ecotaxe amount on invoice line.
furthermore, a total ecotaxe are added at the footer of each document.

To make easy ecotaxe management and to factor the data, ecotaxe are set on products via ECOTAXE classifications.
ECOTAXE classification can either a fixed or weight based ecotaxe.

A product can have one or serveral ecotaxe classifications. For exemple wooden window blinds equipped with electric motor can
have ecotaxe for wood and ecotaxe for electric motor.

This module version add the possibility to manage several ecotaxe classification by product.
A migration script is necessary to update from previous versions.

There is the main change to manage in migration script:

renamed field
model 			old field   		new field
account.move.line 	unit_ecotaxe_amount    ecotaxe_amount_unit
product.template        manual_fixed_ecotaxe   force_ecotaxe_amount

changed fields
model                 old field                    new field
product.template      ecotaxe_classification_id    ecotaxe_classification_ids

added fields
model 		    new field
account.move.line  ecotaxe_line_ids
product.template   ecotaxe_line_product_ids

Commit message:

[16][REF] split account_ecotax into account_ecotax and account_ecotax_tax The goal is to be able to choose between the implementation with and without using the odoo tax mechanism. The advantages of the implementation based on Odoo tax mechanims are : - Possibility to choose if product price include or exclude the ecotax amounts - Isolate the ecotax amounts into a specifc accounting account The disadvantage is that it adds a small layer of complexity and you have to manage the tax configuration and see all those ecotax taxes on your invoices And a major difference which can be good or not depending on your use cases, the ecotax amounts are not in the turnover when using Odoo tax mechanism

account_ecotax/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst, after:

This module adds ecotax amount on invoice line.
furthermore, a total ecotax is added at the footer of each document.

To make easy ecotaxe management and to factor the data, ecotaxes are set on products via ECOTAXE classifications.
ECOTAXE classification can either be a fixed or weight based ecotax.

A product can have one or serveral ecotax classifications. For example, wooden window blinds equipped with electric motor can
have ecotax for wood and ecotax for electric motor.

This module has some limits : 
- The ecotax amount is always included in the price of the product.
- The ecotax amount is not isolated in an specific accounting account but is included in the product income account.

If one of these limits is an issue, you could install the submodule account_ecotax_tax.
This second module lets you manage the ecotax as a tax, so you can configure if you want it to be included or excluded of product price and also configuring an accounting account to isolate it.
The main consequence of this approach is that the ecotax won't be considered in the turnover, since it is considered as a tax.

This module version add the possibility to manage several ecotax classifications by product.
A migration script is necessary to update from previous versions.

There is the main change to manage in migration script:

renamed field
model 			old field   		new field
account.move.line 	unit_ecotaxe_amount    ecotaxe_amount_unit
product.template        manual_fixed_ecotaxe   force_ecotaxe_amount

changed fields
model                 old field                    new field
product.template      ecotaxe_classification_id    ecotaxe_classification_ids

added fields
model 		    new field
account.move.line  ecotaxe_line_ids
product.template   ecotaxe_line_product_ids
